Add the documentation for the nest cli version warning messages (#2923)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/cli/usages.md

common version : 10.0.0
core version : 10.0.0
```

> A warning message could be displayed in the case where NestJS packages are not of the same version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning message could be displayed in the case where NestJS packages are not in the same version. Do note that this isn't true to all `@nestjs/*` packages.
```

something like that

wdyt?

```bash

> [Warnings]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...

[Warnings]
```
